breakthrough . so you've
probably heard of BASE jumping
but do you really know what they
stand for
it's actually an acronym which
represents the four different
objects that a base jumper could
leap from
excited with building this one's
a tricky one because it can
involve legalities there's
adrenaline when you're sneaking
into a building it's something
different for base jumpers me
onto antenna way out in the
middle of nowhere you see that
toll antenna face jumper
they're probably looking at that
thing don't think that's the one
to jump so span is bridges or
say hot air balloons and this is
relatively safe jump because
it's like 360 degrees room for
era your parachute opens in
correctly this time to correct
it and then finally we have
earth earth basically is Cliff's
it definitely has been more like
eye candy to see someone running
and jumping from a cliff's edge
is pretty damn
and there we have it building
antenna span is BASE jumping
elephants are terrified because
they literally don't want to
have Abby of their trunk
stinging them